---
title: 24周：June12 Science, June11 Nature, June11 Cell
author: Zhuoer Dong
date: '2020-06-14'
slug: 2020-24
categories: paper
tags: []
authors: []
---
   


# Science - Research Articles

1. Membrane-proximal F-actin restricts local membrane protrusions and directs cell migration
   膜近端 F-actin 分布呈现前高后低，原因是 cofilin 诱导的 turnover，结果是低浓度的地方出芽。
1. Structures of cell wall arabinosyltransferases with the anti-tuberculosis drug ethambutol
   cryoEM 和 X-ray 我都要



# Science - Reports

1. Far-field excitation of single graphene plasmon cavities with ultracompressed mode volumes
1. Sequencing seismograms: A panoptic view of scattering in the core-mantle boundary region
1. Chloride-mediated selective electrosynthesis of ethylene and propylene oxides at high current density
1. h/e oscillations in interlayer transport of delafossites
1. Pervasive ice sheet mass loss reflects competing ocean and atmosphere processes
1. Cascading social-ecological costs and benefits triggered by a recovering keystone predator
   捕食者回归总体而言是有好处的。
1. A precise polyrotaxane synthesizer
1. Disordered proteins follow diverse transition paths as they fold and bind to a partner
1. Plastic rain in protected areas of the United States
1. Temporal integration of mitogen history in mother cells controls proliferation of daughter cells
   细胞一直在感应 mitogen，还能进行积分。
1. Very fast CRISPR on demand
   光照之后马上进行 CRISPR。
1. *A genetic mechanism for sexual dichromatism in birds
   一个主效应基因就能导致（颜色）性二态。
1. A noncompeting pair of human neutralizing antibodies block COVID-19 virus binding to its receptor ACE2



# Nature

1. *Observation of Bose–Einstein condensates in an Earth-orbiting research lab 
1. Cascade of electronic transitions in magic-angle twisted bilayer graphene  
1. Cascade of phase transitions and Dirac revivals in magic-angle graphene 
1. Topological polaritons and photonic magic angles in twisted α-MoO3 bilayers 
1. Leveraging excited-state coherence for synthetic control of ultrafast dynamics 
1. Self-templating assembly of soft microparticles into complex tessellations 
1. Megathrust shear force controls mountain height at convergent plate margins 
1. The online competition between pro- and anti-vaccination views 
   反对者 cluster 小而连接紧密。支持者更周边。模型重现了反对者的快速增加，并预测十年内会占主导地位。
1. A positively selected FBN1 missense variant reduces height in Peruvian individuals 
   错义突变，一个等位基因矮 2.2cm，可能是为了适应秘鲁的海岸环境。
1. Identification of type 2 diabetes loci in 433,540 East Asian individuals 
   GWAS 换人群总能发新文章
1. Molecular design of hypothalamus development 
1. Basement membrane remodelling regulates mouse embryogenesis 
1. Notch signalling drives synovial fibroblast identity and arthritis pathology 
1. Sialylation of immunoglobulin E is a determinant of allergic pathogenicity 
1. A calcineurin–Hoxb13 axis regulates growth mode of mammalian cardiomyocytes 
1. Massively multiplexed nucleic acid detection with Cas13 
   并行检测多个病人、多种病毒，大大降低成本
1. poly(UG)-tailed RNAs in genome protection and epigenetic inheritance 
1. Structure of Mpro from SARS-CoV-2 and discovery of its inhibitors 
1. The architecture of the Gram-positive bacterial cell wall 



# Cell

1. *Illuminating Genetic Mysteries of the Dead Sea Scrolls
   古卷轴拼图太麻烦？用 DNA 作弊吧，因为是用动物皮做的啊。
1. Paleolithic to Bronze Age Siberians Reveal Connections with First Americans and across Eurasia
1. Identification of ALK in Thinness
   GWAS 发现 ALK- 能抵制体重增加。
1. Ketogenic Diets Alter the Gut Microbiome Resulting in Decreased Intestinal Th17 Cells
1. An Immunologic Mode of Multigenerational Transmission Governs a Gut Treg Setpoint
1. High-Resolution mRNA and Secretome Atlas of Human Enteroendocrine Cells
1. Sleep Loss Can Cause Death through Accumulation of Reactive Oxygen Species in the Gut
   不睡觉真的会死，原因竟是肠道活性氧积累。
1. Metabolic Regulation of the Epigenome Drives Lethal Infantile Ependymoma
1. Cancer Burden Is Controlled by Mural Cell-β3-Integrin Regulated Crosstalk with Tumor Cells
   血管增生不仅能带来养分，壁细胞还能通过旁分泌直接促进肿瘤增长。
1. β-Arrestin-Biased Allosteric Modulator of NTSR1 Selectively Attenuates Addictive Behaviors
1. Rad54 Drives ATP Hydrolysis-Dependent DNA Sequence Alignment during Homologous Recombination
   在同源重组时，Rad54 使弥散式搜索转变为ATP供能的序列比对。
1. Evidence That STK19 Is Not an NRAS-dependent Melanoma Driver
   大乌龙，去年Cell报道的癌基因居然是注释错误（实际只有110aa），gain-of-function 突变更是跑到了编码区外。而且这个基因只在核内，没有任何激酶活性。
1. A Reply to ‘‘Evidence that STK19 Is Not an NRAS-Dependent Melanoma Driver”
   用一张图怼回去。
1. An Engineered CRISPR-Cas9 Mouse Line for Simultaneous Readout of Lineage Histories and Gene Expression Profiles in Single Cells
1. Clinically Applicable AI System for Accurate Diagnosis, Quantitative Measurements, and Prognosis of COVID-19 Pneumonia Using Computed Tomography
   用 AI 诊断新冠CT。
